

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zNmE8IODvqTCd3yy-XZwLHM7c1euOvM49kdxRu2B9Mg/edit?usp=sharing

===

OFFICIAL STORY (This may be prone to changes, suggested ideas may be considered in the future)

Chapter 1, Monday

The Player encounters a new girl in school, this new girl at school befriends the Player and the more the Player is around the new girl, the more they see creepy stuff at school. The new girl then gives her address at dismissal.

Later that day when the Player arrives home, they encounter their mother cleaning the attic. The Player then stumbles upon a photo of her mother and a person that looks like the new girl. You can decide to keep the image or not (this may be crucial in the story, we could tempt the player to not keep the image due to backpack space). 

Chapter 2, Tuesday

The next day, the Player does their daily school routine but with the absence of the new girl. After school, you head over to the girl’s house IF the player didn’t lose the address she gave you. 

If the player didn’t lose the address the new girl gave to the Player, then the Player could visit the address only to be met with an empty grass field that goes on for miles. There are areas with tall grass and a shed. *Contents of the shed are yet to be decided.

Chapter 3, Wednesday

The next day, the new girl is present at school. The creepy stuff gets amplified and appears more than it did last monday, jumpscares are now prone to happen. The new girl asked if she wanted the Player to go to the nearby beach with her after school. If you agree, by the end of school, instead of going home immediately, you visit the beach. The new girl then tries to kill the Player by drowning her. When the player escapes the beach and back home, she tells her mom about the new girl. 

These things involve the murderous intent of the new girl and her creepy hallucinations at school after meeting the new girl.

The mom is unfazed by the things the Player is telling the mom. (IF YOU KEPT THE PHOTO IN THE ATTIC, the Player has the option to show the mom the photo. If she shows the photo, the mom stays silent the entire night). After this, the doorbell rang. There was a pizza delivery. So they both ate dinner, and they both went to their rooms and slept.



(SUGGESTION !!)
just an idea, what if we make the mom die instead?
like uhhh
i was thinking we could make something like a time loop ykyk
like the mom went through the stuff players going thru rn
cs like
im thinking of the opening scene
what if player dreams about her (dead) mom 
then her moms like
teling her to stay cautious, dont do the same mistakes she did etc. 
then shes like "whatever u do, STAY AWAY from--"
then she cuts off and the dream ends
and shes now going to school
then the person the player should stay away from is new girl ! yay.
the new girl and the mom should have a relationship tho
girl = cause of moms death
or sumn idk
i want their relationship to be deeper than that frfr
more story yes 
then the dad should know whats going on too but chooses not to tell the player "for her own safety" yk (dad ur kinda stupid smhhh) 
pero like yeah
js a suggestion for the opening scene :D
for the attic scene tho, we could change that into the dad (were breaking gender norms, as we should.)




